{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red56\green101\blue115;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c27451\c47059\c52549;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Christopher Mikal Logan\uc0\u8232 347-583-1419 | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:chrismikall@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Email}} | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrismikall/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 LinkedIn}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Summary:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Seasoned Software Engineer and Architect with deep expertise in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Proven track record in leading projects, managing cross-functional teams, and scaling complex systems. Strong background in finance, government contracts, and intellectual property, including work on patents.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Experience:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bny.com/corporate/global/en.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Bank of New York Mellon Corporation}}					2001 \'96 2025\uc0\u8232 
\fs22 Application Manager, Sr. Principal Developer, Sr. Vice President\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Led a number of engagements, including {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nexen.bnymellon.com/app/nxn/login"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 NEXEN}}, a fintech platform for bank\'92s services, including data analytics, a web application, and APIs; Alternative Investments for internal and external utilization; and cloud infrastructure, responsible for continuous delivery and deployment. Provided full development life cycle, along staff and Project management. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Steered Generative AI efforts, utilizing publicly available Large Language Models to build and train own agent to reside as an augmentation layer to create tailored solutions for specific business needs, engaging a self-service model to avoid centralized bottlenecks. Employed Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) to enhance domain-specific queries\'92 accuracy and relevance of responses. Facilitated {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://copilot.microsoft.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 CoPilot}} integration and established a strategic partnership with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openai.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 OpenAI}} to enhance AI competencies.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Used cloud platforms including AWS and Azure to build a Centralized Content Delivery platform, with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.akamai.com/resources/product-brief/netstorage"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Akamai NetStorage}} as the backend for storing and serving static assets. Migrated 100+ white-label apps to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.akamai.com/solutions/content-delivery-network"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Akamai\'92s Enterprise CDN}}, offloading 95\'9699% of traffic from internal servers. Developed APIs and integrated them into CI/CD pipelines to automate asset deployment, extending the architecture to the entire portal to improve performance and reclaim internal resources. Utilized {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 GitHub}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://about.gitlab.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 GitLab}} for source control, and implemented {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jenkins.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Jenkins}} pipelines for continuous integration, testing, and deployment across multiple environments. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Offered extensive mobile development efforts, leading development of the mobile portal infrastructure, including security, content delivery, and app store engagement, including production support. Engaged {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.openstream.com/cueme/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Cue-me by Openstream}} for hybrid iOS and Android apps, Swift for iPhone and iPad; Java for Android apps; and JavaScript, HTML and CSS for cross-platform engagement. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Created Enterprise Web Services with SOAP to connect all internal processes, including all legacy schemes to distributed systems, using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://axis.apache.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Apache Axis}}. Applied the WebLogic Portal, along with Java, Spring, Spring Boot, Lucene, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hazelcast.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Hazelcast}}, REST, C++ with GDB, DB2, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular, HTML, CSS, as well as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://form.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Form.io}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Chrome DevTools}}, and Selenium, along with a wide array of scripting languages for a range of Alternative Investments, Reporting, Client Onboarding, Customer and AI apps.  \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Led the design and development of a firm-wide reporting system, reducing report batch load times by 93%, from 8\'9616 hours to 1 sec\'962 hrs. Redesigned and consolidated the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/@furkanemmezoglu/micro-frontend-architecture-an-in-depth-look-and-application-examples-a64eaed3153"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 nxn-iframe architecture}} by merging multiple fragmented components into a single, reusable module. Integrated dynamic iframe resizing to support responsive content delivery and implemented a keep-alive mechanism to enhance session reliability and user experience across embedded applications.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.worlwin.com/#/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs24 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Worlwin LLC	}}
\f1\b\fs24 							2009 \'96 Present\uc0\u8232 
\fs22 Founder/Lead Developer
\fs24 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Lead developer and architect for a range of established firms and startups, such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/company/calonex-llc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Calonex}} property management, building their website, payment gateway, and mobile app; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nyc.gov/site/doitt/residents/nyc-gov.page"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT) of New York}}, developing an IT management system to visualize, inventory, and structure data center components for streamlined operations; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.shyac.org/nyash-outreach"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 New York Advocates for Sexual Health (NYASH)}}, creating features allowing users to research medical topics, search for healthcare jobs, and browse detailed profiles of medical facilities; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mediakonnect.bizkonnect.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 MediaKonnect}}, building a mass messaging broadcast system to deliver time-sensitive notifications and updates to users concurrently; as well as a multitude of others in a range of industries. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Implemented and maintained {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nacha.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA)}} file processing for ACH transactions, enabling secure and automated bank-to-bank payments for payroll, vendor disbursements, and customer billing. Developed interactive web-based dashboards using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d3js.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 D3.js}} to visualize complex datasets with dynamic charts, graphs, and real-time data updates. Restructured MySQL databases, including implementation of master-slave clustering, to improve performance, scalability, and meet client-specific high-availability requirements. Developed PHP-based web tools using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.smarty.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Smarty templating engine}}, guiding users through intuitive interfaces and improving overall site usability.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Worked closely with the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.uspto.gov/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)}}, handling end-to-end process of trademark registrations, including branding creations, USPTO application submission, and follow-up to ensure successful registration and protection of intellectual property.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Provided services to startups, including fractional C-level leadership; technology leadership, including architecture and design services, including database optimization and software creation; vendor and client acquisition and management; technology research and roadmap, and product management. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Led an OCR modernization project, leveraging {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/@shreya.rao/implementing-neural-networks-in-tensorflow-and-pytorch-3c1f097e412a"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 neural network design with PyTorch and TensorFlow}} to enhance accuracy and performance using contemporary Machine Learning techniques.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrismikall/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs24 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Burleon Tech}}
\f1\b\fs24  								2021 \'96 Present\uc0\u8232 
\fs22 Sr. Software Engineer/Medical Devices
\fs24 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Provide medical device development and architecture, including designing user interfaces. Handle all technical and operational tasks, utilizing Python; ARM-based CPU,
\fs24  
\fs22 using the Reduced Instruction Set Computing (RISC) architecture; and GPIO pins for connecting sensors, LEDs, and motors; working with Internet of Things (IoT); and focusing on real-time data acquisition. Simultaneously handled regulatory compliance and patent issues. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Education:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pace.edu/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Pace University}}
\fs22 							{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pace.edu/program/computer-science-ms"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 MS Computer Science}}\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.andrews.edu/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Andrews University}}							{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bulletin.andrews.edu/preview_program.php?catoid=11&poid=6182"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 BS Computer Science}}
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Hobbies:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl278\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Acting (live and film), Piano performance, Photography, Drawing\
}